This data is collected from a range of sources, and should hopefully be
accurate at the time of committing.

No copyright is claimed over the data itself; however please do not
redistribute the files verbatim claiming that you spent the time
assembling and cross-referencing them when you didn’t.

Please feel free to fork and submit patches.

- Mo McRoberts <mo.mcroberts@nexgenta.com>

Files included
==============

00-georegion.csv

	Taken from the United Nations Statistics Division M49 list of
	geographical regions. Note that M49 numeric codes share numbering
	space with ISO 3166-1. The entries form a tree, with the first
	entry (1 - World) at the top level.

01-countries.csv

	This is a combination of UNSD, ISO and other data which shares
	the same numbering and namespaces.
	
	Each entry has a status of “active”, “transitional”, “deleted”,
	“unsd-reserved”, “special-reservation”, “reserved”,
	“indeterminate-reservation” or “user-assigned”.
	
	“active” codes should all have an M49 parent code associated
	with them.
	
	“unsd-reserved” means the entry is used exclusively by the UN
	Statistics Division and not ISO 3166-1.
	
	“user-assigned” entries are maintained by convention and are within
	the ranges defined by ISO for “user” assignments.
	
	“indeterminate-reservation” entries are those which are not explicitly
	defined by ISO, but are used alongside ISO 3166-1 alpha codes and so
	share a namespace through common use.
	
	“deleted” entries should no longer be used.
	
	“transitional” entries are in the process of being phased out.
	
	“reserved” and “special-reservation” are entries which have been
	explicitly reserved by ISO. The former are defined by ISO, whereas the
	latter are reserved by agreement and so will not appear in ISO 3166-1.
	
	Because numeric and alphabetic codes may change and have differing
	statuses, multiple non-active entries for a country may exist with
	only partial coding information: for example, the numeric code 249
	(“France, Metropolitan”) has been marked as deleted, but the corresponding
	alpha codes (FX, FXX) are marked as reserved. Thus, two entries
	are present in the list, one for the numeric, one for the alphabetic.

10-e212-mcc.csv

	ITU-T E.212 Mobile Country Code (MCC) list. This file maps MCCs to countries
	by way of each country’s ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code.
	
	The entry for MCC 901 has anISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of “XX”. This is because
	MCC 901 is used by mobile telephony networks which are non-country-specific,
	such as satellite telephony operators.
